1) What are the four types of access modifiers in Java? and what are their scopes?
Types of Access Modifiers

There are 4 types of access modifiers available in Java: 

Default – No keyword required

Private

Protected

Public

1. Default Access Modifier
When no access modifier is specified for a class, method, or data member, it is said to be having the default access modifier by default. The default access modifiers are accessible only within the same package.

2. Private Access Modifier

The private access modifier is specified using the keyword private. The methods or data members declared as private are accessible only within the class in which they are declared.

3. Protected Access Modifier

The protected access modifier is specified using the keyword protected. The methods or data members declared as protected are accessible within the same package or subclasses in different packages.

4. Public Access Modifier

The public access modifier is specified using the keyword public. 

The public access modifier has the widest scope among all other access modifiers.

Classes, methods, or data members that are declared as public are accessible from everywhere in the program. There is no restriction on the scope of public data members.

2) Can we override a private method?
No, you cannot overload a private method in Java. This is because private methods are not accessible outside of the class in which they are declared.

3) What is the difference between default and protected access modifiers?
The Protected access specifier is visible within the same package and also visible in the subclass whereas the Default is a package level access specifier and it can be visible in the same package.

4) Can a subclass access a private member of its superclass?
No, a subclass cannot directly access a private member of its superclass; private members are only accessible within the class they are defined in, so a subclass is considered "outside" the superclass in terms of access to private members.

5) What is the default access modifier in Java, and where is it applicable?
In Java, the "default" access modifier is applied when no explicit access modifier is specified, meaning it's considered "package-private" - this means that a class, method, or variable with default access can only be accessed by other classes within the same package. 
